The Joe Rogan experience. Yeah. So where we are is, is a, what the hell?
It's it's a Friday and.
It looks like Pennsylvania is leaning towards Biden. Yeah.
George is leaning towards Biden. It's basically over four for Trump.
You would, I mean,
look at it that you don't see a lot of avenues for success on, on this one.
I mean, look, Pennsylvania, you know, they're still saying rightly so,
it's too close to call. They've got 8,000 some odd, uh,
military absentee ballots still to count.
The assumption would be just like they just, Trump, those would be for Trump,
just like they assume a lot of the mail-in ballots in the Philadelphia area or
Allegheny, or it will be for Biden. Um,
but they have to go through that process.
Now that Pennsylvania is an interesting one, right? I mean, I, again, uh,
there's a lot of people that are,
that are getting very pissy about Trump's attitude towards this whole thing.
And could he be more eloquent?
Could he just shut the up and let the system work? Right.
Let his legal teams do what they're supposed to do and what they're entitled to
do. Um, and just say, you know, we just have to work through the process. Well,
yeah, he could, of course he could, but he's not going to,
but Pennsylvania is interesting because the, the, the, the problem up there,
and maybe there's no fraud, you have to, it's like an investigation, right?
When you do an investigation, you have to base it on, right.
From the very beginning, you had to base it on facts on something concrete,
right. If you don't, you're building an entire investigation potentially on,
on very shaky ground, the whole thing comes tumbling down. And it's a,
it's a house of. So, you know, it's like a, it's like a, uh,
an operation until operation. Everybody remembers from maybe not the WMT,
you know, fiasco, you know, from Iraq, the idea that, oh my God,
we've got to get in there because they got Wnt. Well, a lot of that, you know,
was, was based on one source reporting, right.
Which got into the reporting chain and then got re reinvented in another
report and then got, you know, uh, self corroborated and other reporting.
And before, you know, it,
you're confirming all the same information from originally that one source.
Right. Very shaky. So you're not building a, uh,
an invasion of a country on, on solid information. So with Pennsylvania,
um, if people are looking at that and going on there, so all sorts of going on,
and it's it's as fraud. Well, you gotta step back and you gotta say, okay,
where are the problems? Now? There's a handful of,
of issues that I think are legitimate in Pennsylvania. One of them being, uh,
this idea that the state Supreme court, uh,
circumvented what the legislative branch in Pennsylvania said about, uh,
ballots. And when you can count the ballots up until what time, uh,
the postmarking on the ballots. And,
and so that's a legitimate issue that probably, or could end up in,
in a higher court is,
did the state Supreme court in Pennsylvania have that right?
According to the constitution to just cause because the state houses in each
state set the laws about this very thing.
And you've got a problem though,
in Pennsylvania because the state house is run by Republicans.
Now this about how long it's taking to count,
the votes could have been sorted out if a year ago,
or not even that if six months ago, when we knew this pandemic was,
was a problem.
When we knew we were going to get unprecedented levels of Malin votes,
if the Republican state house had said, okay,
here's when we can start counting those mail-in votes,
as soon as we start receiving them. How about that?
So they could have been well ahead, you know, so it's,
it's both, both sides have this up, right?
It's not one side of the other, both sides. Once again, both, you know, it's,
it's, you know, th th th the, the, the truth is always, uh, you know,
we talked about this before. It's always somewhere in the center and that's,
that's true here, but anyway, Pennsylvania close to call, um, you know,
this idea that they're,
they're preventing observers from coming in or standing close enough because
they allowed them in. But then, you know,
were they able to stand close enough to observe anything of any value? Um,
that should never be in question.
All right. So they let them in, is this all been corroborated?
This is proven they let them in,
but they wouldn't let them actually observe what they were doing.
Yeah. There was delays in some districts, right?
Some eat cause counties run these elections.
And so some counties do it by the book and others apparently have decided they
can do things a little bit differently. So, um, some, uh,
they were not able to get in as far as access goes, as you know,
once the voting started,
some they weren't able to go in for the pre vote counting or the pre, uh,
pre voting day counting of these ballots. Um,
and others, they were able to go in and they were kept maybe 25 feet back.
Instead of that's currently, what's like a six feet distance that had been,
I think I'm not, don't quote me on this, but maybe, uh,
responsibly decided that you could be six feet away because.
Of social distance twenty-five feet away. That seems insane.
Some places had them watching on monitors, which again is, is, is useless. But,
uh, so, and those, the problem there is that should never happen.
You should be able to always agree, both sides that you need, uh,
campaign observers in there.
And they have that right to observe the counting of these things.
And it all comes down to the same issue, whether it's that, or whether it's, um,
you know, uh, counting ballots because, you know, or, or discarding ballots,
because the person's died previous to the election,
it all comes down to the perception of fraud.
There may not be anything going on in this election in terms of fraud,
fraudulent active. And when it, when, when all is said and done,
the only investigations are done,
but the damage is already done because people perceive it as, as, as,
as possible. It's a lot of people perceive it as likely or is happening.
And if you don't have a transparent system set up, right,
that is easy to see.
You've gotta be able to look at it and not be told by politicians and not be
told by, uh, you know, election officials or the media that it's,
it's a,
it's a good credible system that the voter has to be able to look at the process
and say, yeah, no, that's fair and transparent. And it's like, um,
it, you know, it's, it's like a cover for action, right? If I'm doing,
if I'm doing surveillance on some target, right. Um,
and I'm out in the middle of some, whether it's a hole or whether it's, uh,
you know, uh, urban center in a developed country,
I have to have cover for action.
I have to have a reason that is plainly obvious by Passerbuys or by local
authorities or police that patrol the area. Oh, I get, that's why he's there.
Right. We did not one time where, um,
it was overseas, we were waiting for a target to, uh, to show up. Um,
and it was, uh, it was a port, right.
And a lot of busy, a lot of people coming and going tourists, uh, workers,
commercial workers coming and going from this busy port. And, you know,
what you didn't have was you didn't have a lot of people just hanging out right
there. Weren't a lot of opportunities just to hang out. So he had,
had to have a reason, right. So what are you doing?
You set somebody down there with a couple of, uh, pieces of luggage and, uh,
and a baby stroller and a baby. Um,
don't ask me where we got the baby from and you, uh, just stole a baby,
you know, Hey, it's for the good of the country. Um, and I,
I, we requisitioned it, we got it. We have a,
we have a baby requisition department down in the basement of the agency.
Now we don't. No, no, it was my own baby. Actually. It was my daughter.
When she was a little baby, you can use.
Your own daughter during a covert operation. Why is that wrong?
I don't think so. No, I'm just curious. Yeah.
And so, and it,
and it worked like a charm because they could sit there for hours, right.
Waiting theoretically for a boat,
obviously pulling surveillance from an observation post and people walking by
with like, yeah, there's a, there's some lady with a baby, you know,
suitcases to cover for action. Um, they did, uh, they, they,
they whacked it and industrialist in Germany. One time where the, uh,
the hit team, um, it was very elaborate, but they, uh,
they did what they always do. They surveil, they figure out the guys routes.
And as is usual, your, your choke points, you know,
that's what they're looking for. Where does it, you know,
you get in the vehicle and you drive, you're going to have choke points.
Usually it's at a place of work or it's at your home. Right. Uh,
but it may be somewhere in between. Maybe there's a, there's a,
an avenue that's always, you know, blocked up.
Maybe there's a turn that they have to come to a complete stop there. You're,
you're,
you're looking for that choke point where you can lay out the attack where you
control the environment. Right.
There was a place in the Philippines that's still exists. Uh,
we used to call it ambush alley, right?
Because you'd start at one and you go to the other. And it was a,
it was a cut-through, they weren't that very many of them.
And sometimes it was the only one to get from one part of the,
of the city to another. And once you got in there, you know,
you just hit the gas because you were host. If you got caught up in there,
and there was an insurgency going on. And so, you know, uh, roadblocks and, and,
uh, and local hit teams, they call them Sparrow units, uh,
were always a concern. And so that was,
that was choke point ambush alley was a choke point. Anyway, long story short,
they whacked us industrialists, but the hit team, uh, who,
after they'd done the surveillance and they decided where that point was for the
attack. They, uh,
showed up one day in construction gear and construction uniform to start digging
a trench as a construction team. Right.
You can look that you'll drive by and go out there building something,
or they're digging a trench, right. It's covered for action. Um,
and so it's this, I don't know how I'm making this analogy,
but it's the same with the election voters. Gotta be able to look at it and go,
it's transparent. I see why it's transparent.
Talking about. Yeah. You're talking about them. They,
they did a bad job of hiding corruption.
That's what you're saying. You said, coming for action is it's deceptive.
Like what you're describing is deceptive. Well.
What, what I'm saying is say they, the system has to be clearly,
um, uh, transparent and, and,
and honest and credible by just from the voter's perspective,
you can't, you can't do, like adjust the rules about just because we say, ah,
pandemic. Now we got to change the rules. And, you know,
these states are gonna change them. These states won't and the state.
Has, how did you make the connection from that to cover for action? Um.
You know, cause I, oh, I, I know. Thank you for, yeah. Yeah.
Cover for action is because, sorry, I know this is, uh, this is, yeah.
Try being in my house, in my house.
I've tried to be a part of my family and following me at the dinner table. Um,
it's because with couple of action, just like with looking at the,
the voting and saying, okay, I see why it's transparent. I see cover action.
You've got to look and go, okay, I get it. That's what they're there for it.
And you move on. You don't, you don't, you don't think about it.
You don't have to be told, you know, you don't have to stop and go, excuse me,
what are you doing here? Right. It's just evident on the, on the face of it.
How.
Are there not universal voting rules for each state that are
federal? How has,
how has it that different states are allowed to come up with their own rules?
Like, like I was reading something about, uh, in Georgia, they were,
uh,
allowing people who had made mistakes on their ballots to redo their ballots.
And they, they called them curing the ballots. Yeah. Yeah.
You've got that. You've also got,
you've got the ability to change your vote too, in some places. Yeah.
You can change your vote up until, you know,
up until the deadline of the election day. Um,
there are some places where you can, you can go in,
you have to request it and then you have to, and then you can change your vote.
Um, which if you think about it is not bad because if on election day,
you wake up and you find out that the candidate you voted for is committed
murder, then you think, okay, I'd like to change my vote.
Well,
I think a lot of people did want to actually change their vote after the second
Biden, um, w debate that was a big, uh,
Google search. There was a thing that they were talking about,
the Google searches for how to change your vote, went up some astounding number.
Yeah. Because he just had a real terrible debate.
No one has done worse on the campaign trail and that's,
and more people vote in this election than have ever voted since like the
19 hundreds, early 19 hundreds or something. Right.
I don't think maybe I'm wrong on this, but I think, you know,
we should fact check this,
but I don't think she held a press conference during the entire campaign.
I don't think she had one single press conference. She had appearances. Right.
Um, but I don't think she actually held a press conference during the entire
campaign. That's astounding. Right. Um, but yeah, I agree. This look,
we're,
we're in this position that we're in right now in a variety of ways and because
of the, oh, for sure. Yeah.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify, Bubba.